There's a big problem in the world right now.
There are hundreds of thousands of IT support jobs just waiting for skilled candidates to fill them.
They're available at this very moment, and there are companies large and small that really want to hire motivated people.
With technology seeping into nearly every aspect of business, that need is growing by the second, but that's just half the story.
There are lots of people around the world, like you, who are looking for a flexible way to learn the skills necessary to get that entry-level IT support role.
but there might be a few obstacles in the way.
Maybe you don't have a university degree or the access or
flexibility to take in-person trainings, or maybe the cost is just too high.
Whatever the reason, you're looking for an accessible,
hands-on way to learn the skills that companies are hiring for.
Google and Coursera are thrilled to welcome you to
the IT Support Professional Certificate Program.
This program is designed to give you the foundational skills and
confidence required for an entry-level IT support role.
whether that's doing in-person support or remote support or both.
What's really special about this program is that learners get a hands-on
experience through a dynamic mix of labs and other interactive exercises,
just like what you'd encounter in a help desk role.
This curriculum is designed to get you job ready, but
we're taking it one step further.
When you complete this program you have your opportunity to share your information with Google Bank of America and other top employers looking to hire entry IT support professionals This program has been designed to teach anyone who interested in learning the foundational skills in IT support
Doesn't matter if you've been tinkering with IT on your own or you're completely new to the field.
We'll bring the content developed entirely by Googlers, and you bring the passion and motivation to learn it.
Here's how we're going to get there.
This program is rooted in the belief that a strong foundation in IT support can serve as a launchpad to a meaningful career in IT.
And so we've designed industry relevant courses, technical support fundamentals, computer networking, operating systems, system administration, IT infrastructure services and IT security.
If you dedicate around eight to 10 hours a week to the courses, we anticipate that you'll complete the certificate in about eight months.
And learning this stuff won't be like your typical classroom experience.
You can move the material at your own pace, skip content that you might already know,
or review the lessons again if you need a refresher.
It's a choose your own adventure experience.
Plus, we think that the length is a strong signal to employers that you have the grit
and persistence it takes to succeed in an ever changing field like IT.
Another really cool part about this program is that it's been created entirely by
real world pros who have a strong background in IT support They work in IT fields like operations engineering security site reliability engineering and systems administration They know this content because they live it every day
Along the way, you're going to hear from Googlers
with unique backgrounds and perspectives.
They'll share how their foundation in IT support
served as a jumping off point for their careers.
They'll also give you a glimpse into the day-to-day work,
along with tips on how to approach IT support interviews.
They'll even share personal obstacles
that they've overcome in inspiring ways.
They're excited to go on this journey with you
as you invest in your future by achieving an end of program
certificate.
Last but not least, we gathered a truly amazing group
of course instructors for you to learn from.
They've all worked in IT support at Google
and are excited to guide you through the content step
by step.
Ready to meet them?
They're all really excited to meet you.
My name is Kevin Limehouse, and I'm
a support specialist for platforms in DoubleClick.
I'm going to present the history of computing in course one.
I'm Victor Escobedo, and I'm a Corporate Operations Engineer.
We'll meet in the lessons on the internet in the first course of Technical Support Fundamentals.
Then, I'll be your instructor for Course 2, the Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking.
Hey, I'm Cindy Quach, and I work in Site Reliability Engineering.
I'll be teaching you about operating systems in Course 1,
and then take you through a much deeper dive in OSes in Course 3 Operating Systems in You Becoming a Power User my name is devin sri darren and i work in corporate operations engineering at google we going to cover all the hardware
and even build a computer in course one we'll meet again when i teach course four systems
administration and i.t infrastructure services hey everyone my name is phelan vendeville and i'm a
systems engineer on google's site reliability team i'm excited to teach the software lessons to you
in course one hi my name is gian spacusa and i'm a program manager in android security
i'm going to teach you about the history and the impact of the internet in course one
and then i'll be your instructor for the last course of this program
i.t security defense against the digital dark arts hi my name is marty clark and i'm a manager with
google's internal i.t support team i'll be teaching you about troubleshooting customer service and
and documentation in Course 1.
ROB CLIFFTON, Hey there.
My name is Rob Clifton, and I'm a program manager at Google.
I'm going to share a few tips on how
to have a successful interview in Course 1
and present technical interview scenarios
at the end of each course throughout this program.
Congratulations on finishing this lesson from the Google IT
Support Certificate.
Access the full experience, including job search help,
and get the official certificate by clicking the icon
or the link in the description.
Watch the next lesson in the course by clicking here.
And subscribe to our channel for more lessons
from upcoming Google Career Certificates.